Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now it is often necessary and sometimes very very useful to be able to pass a list to your functions.
Your function will then have direct access to the list and it's all of its contents.
So let's get started now by doing exactly that.
And as you can see here my comments passing at least to a function.
Okay perfect so we start off defining our function DPF.
This is going to be an online book retailer.
So let's go books available.
So we want to be able to display a list of books available to our users that they can buy.
So books available and this will have one parameter box then are come and show a list of books available
to buy.
Okay perfect.
Next we create a for loop for book and books
we create the variable books in stock which is just a whole list of books really books in stock equals
the following title is available
Dubai.
OK.
Space plus book title.
Make sure it's capitalized where necessary.
Plus full stop
perfect.
Then we print that variable.
We want to print that line out for every book that will go into our list books in stock.
We go now to wrap this up.
We create our list of books so this will be a list of books that we have in stock that will be available
to display on the Web site and purchased by the user.
So let's just call it available equals let's populate our list.
Elon Musk
come up the everything store
come up and the growth map.
Nice new addition to our list of books.
OK there we go.
Then finally books are available.
So we're calling our function to that function.
We pass our list.
So Available Now let's print this out and see what happens.
The Fulham title is available to buy.
Elon Musk The Everything Store to grow up.
So we start off by creating books available which is our function it expects a list of books available
which is stores in the parameter books to function loops through the list it receives and puts each
book in an available to buy message.
We define a list of books and then pass a list of books to books available in our function call.
I hope that made sense if not please don't hesitate to ask me in the Q and A section.
And as always thank you for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.